haha
all right you guys let's do it we're
going back in we're doing some more clan
wars leader board style man let's see
who's been raiding at the time these hot
dogs and we got hits Michael Kings Rock
and he's going in with pokey squad these
blue dudes those until the bottom eh
okay we got the lava houses as well I'm
I'm actually calling the I don't know
what these are they're like Big Bird
Rock just cold mixture to stuff and with
lava lava so he's going in with these
lava dudes lava hands and it looks like
that he's already got half of the bases
go
so definitely he's going to put in work
and go for this 50 star and it looks
like the minions just taking out the
Town Hall by himself with tag team with
the dragon as I don't know that's just
my opinion these these are air units are
just really powerful up here some people
may differ they think the lava hound is
just maybe not as useful as they'd like
but the evidence is right there for you
these lava hound troops are really good
so you guys let's go ahead and get into
the next battle and it looks like we're
doing an all dragon raid typical
standard procedures take out that air to
fits usually some of these guys just use
their heroes to take out the first one
and then the second one they'll go in
with the lightning spills but
it looks like he's just gonna surround
the base with an air attack deaths from
above
Oh team full of dragons he's already
used all of them though that's
interesting usually the this is very
unorthodox they don't do it like this
save these guys for last so that they
can get to that Town Hall so let's see
how he can pull this off now he hasn't
deployed any rage spills yet so he has
to spells left over let's see what he
does with this okay deploying the first
one now this looked like it might get
him to the town hall we'll have to see
depending on if his dragons act properly
and they don't go for any dumb targets
all right they're going for the Town
Hall but they get pulled away by the
Queen which takes him out last one is
going down as well
whoa so how exactly did he get this to
start let's see what he does he still
has his king and queen left over and it
looks like he's gonna make his way down
the middle towards the Town Hall or
sorry the heirto fits right here but he
still has two walls to get through let's
see how he does this
okay the Queen's down the air defense is
going out and he's gonna try and break
his way through this wall to get to that
x-bow which he's gonna slap in the face
and take it down the Queen is actually
in position to get to this town hall
let's see if she does it yes to star in
the bag and this man's adding insult to
injury he's going for the rest of these
weapons letting them know that you
couldn't stop me
Oh David alright that was actually
pretty good I haven't seen an attack
like that at least in the air air
categories no one really uh does it like
that I was kind of in Reverse so good
stuff s Z Tony 26 with that air tag very
nice now let's go to the next one
let's see what this man has for us it is
a ground attack actually and he's using
the mass Golem it looks like oh my gosh
I haven't seen that many golems on one
attack it looks like you threw out five
of them well if you guys want to see how
five golems work maybe this will do it
alright so this is obviously a hero
specific attack where he uses the golems
to guard his heroes this is the biggest
meat shield ever seen he's gonna rock
this place and he's breaking in he's got
the Town Hall surrounded wizards are all
gathered up and they're backing him up
this was quick work that was really fast
he took out that Town Hall he's going
for this 50% the Queen's only hero left
though that they still have is a ability
yes he does and he's taking off the rest
of these weapons the clear path and get
to this 50 star yes he does have it okay
so that was pretty fast man that also
could have went either way depending on
if the heroes act properly and they go
into the direction he wanted which they
did very lucky and he's got the cleanup
crew on the right right here with the
golem still being dummy still being a
big dummy and hitting that wall when
there's a path around the back where
were you when we needed you
oh man I just made an animation about
this and still you're doing you still
you're acting up oh well
he's gonna see what he could do with
these golem squads I think he's got two
of them in there or that just one no
it's - okay all right so you guys case
closed
we got both stars on all these attacks
very good ground attacks if you ask me
air and grounds and that was the clan
wars against Easyriders so you guys I
hope you enjoyed that I'll be doing more
of these a series where I'm showing you
guys little bored clan wars hope you'd
enjoyed it let me know what you think in
the comment box down there and I will
see you next time gasps oh no